@title = 'April'

## Answering your questions

Hello dear riseup birds,

I think it would be very handy if it were possible to switch to digest
mode, using an email command. Already it is possible to subscribe and
unsubscribe by email, so this would be similar.

This would make it a little easier for list subscribers to change to
digest mode. I have found as a list admin that this is a popular request,
and going through the documented instructions is a little time consuming
and confusing to the unfamiliar.
Thanks for all your efforts,
-Alex

Hi Alex,

There’s already mail commands to use for sympa’s lists, here's how you
do it.

SET listname DIGEST
Puts the subscriber in digest mode for the listname list. Instead of
receiving email from the list in a normal manner, the subscriber will
periodically receive it in a digest. This digest compiles a group of
messages from the list, using multipart/digest mime format. The sending
period for these digests is regulated by the list owner using the digest
parameter. See the SET LISTNAME MAIL command and the reception parameter.

Note that the admin list must configure the digest parameters of the
list (days and time of the digest generation)

www.sympa.org/manual/sympa-commands

If you have any burning questions for riseup that you think might be
good for the newsletter, send them to pigeon@riseup.net.


## Hey, Translators!

You may have noticed that this newsletter goes out in a lot of
languages. But did you know that you can join the wonderful translation
crew to make this happen? This is crucial work to keeping riseup
working. Shoot an email to osprey@riseup.net if you want to help.


## T. Shirts

We've got t shirts! With pretty birds on them! So far we don't have the
infrastructure to sell them to everyone, but if you've got an infoshop
or t shirt kiosk and would like to buy five or more, let us know and
we'll send you more info. Email pigeon@riseup.net for pictures and
ordering information.

Also, after lots of research, we found this very cool t shirt
manufacturer that supports maquilladora activists, that you might want
to check out if you're making shirts too:

http://www.cfomaquiladoras.org/english%20site/dj.en.html


## not money

A lot of us have been expecting this strange society we live in to start
crumbling for a while now. Most societies, especially the U.S., are not
sustainable or kind for this planet and its animals (including my
personal favorites, humans). And now, it does seem to be crumbling at a
pretty rapid rate. One of the reasons we exist and do what we do is
because of a deep conviction that we can live better, and that part of
that will only happen when we start building what we want inside the
crumbling hull of the old. We also feel it's important to have those
structures in place, before everything falls apart, so we'll have tools
to work with. A lot of people these days are talking about what they are
going to do now. We always end these newsletters with some pleas for
cash. This time, we are giving a pitch for working on horizontal
alternatives structures to what exists now. We are in no way against
resistance work, and know it is crucial, so keep doing that, if it's
what you do. But if there is a way sometime this month you can give
something to a project that builds something beautiful, please do that.
