@title = 'July'

## News from our peeps

Hi riseup users of many stripes and colors. Last month we asked you to
write us about how your  projects, campaigns, and struggles are going,
and then provided a bad email address to respond to. You'd think we
wouldn't have this kinds of errors, but here's your proof that riseup is
run by people and not robots. So, once again, we'd love to here what
you're working on because these things make us happy, and because we
might want to use it for future newsletters. So much of the time we work
on our projects in our own towns and don't get a real sense of how
varied and beautiful our movements are.  So send us your tales of daring
actions and surprising successes! pigeon@riseup.net



## Tech Tip: Use Firefox! Use Thunderbird!

Internet Explorer (IE) is buggy, insecure, and proprietary software
owned by an evil corporation bent on world domination. People often have
difficulty using riseup.net's web based mail interface with IE. Happily,
there is an awesome alternative: Firefox. It is fast, and far superior
to IE. Download firefox today! http://getfirefox.com

Thunderbird is a mail client you cab install on your computer that is a
dedicated program for managing your email and is the way that we
recommend for checking your riseup.net mail account. Thunderbird has
many features, including: IMAP and POP support, multiple accounts, quick
search, spell as you type, advanced spam controls, RSS, virtual folder
views, message filtering, addressbook, and support for GPG encryption.
See our Thunderbird tutorials for help on setting up Thunderbird to work
with riseup.net. http://getthunderbird.com

Thunderbird and Firefox are Free Software (or Software Libre, which
means they part of the digital commons).


## Updates from the Surveillance Apocalypse

Michèle Alliot-Marie, French Minister of the Interior and Overseas
Territories, is proposing a new law to find automatic solution for some
crimes. The police could run an analysis to find in credit card data,
celular positionning data evidence of a crime 1. This law ‘lospi2’
contains also the monitoring of suspect computer with a bug/virus 2 in
“severe cases”, including “support given to the illegal entry and
residence of a foreigner” 3.


1 fr
http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2009/05/24/01016-20090524ARTFIG00098-la-police-va-pouvoir-pirater-les-ordinateurs-des-voyous-.php
2 en http://www.edri.org/edri-gram/number7.11/france-law-on-spying
3 en
http://metamorphosis.org.mk/edri/francuskata-vlada-saka-da-shpionira-elektronski-komunikacii-2.html

If you want more information on monitoring the state and civil liberties
in Europe, we like the website www.statewatch.org

## Money

If you are reading this newsletter that means you are being supported by
Riseup. If you are able to provide us some mutual aid in the form of
money, we would be very grateful. Thanks to all our users who have
supported us over the last nine years.
