@title = 'May'

## riseup design contest!

Soon we will turn 15 years old, and we want to celebrate with you, our 
dear users, by asking you to help us come up with graphics, phrases and 
ideas to put on shirts, stickers, buttons, and other fun agitprop. So we 
are announcing a contest and asking you to start up those creative brain 
cells and submit your creations! We’ll take the submissions and then 
pick some winners. Some ideas of things you could work into your work 
could be around the surveillance apocalypse, privacy, autonomy, birds 
(we love birds), and activism... but you don’t have to be limited by 
these!

Anything you submit should be freely licensed, so we and others can use 
it in different ways. Graphics should be in an open format (SVG, JPG, 
PNG, XCF, etc). Deadline is one month from now! Send your submissions to 
graphics@riseup.net.

We are really excited to see what creative ideas you come up with! Oh, 
and the huge prize should we pick your art and ideas? Well, um, we'll 
send you whatever we make from your stuff, if you want it. Thanks!

## Essential browser extensions

Your web browser is not your friend: it allows your behavior to be 
tracked as you browse the web, often leaks personal information, and is 
a festering sore of endless security problems.

This is not by accident, but by design. Despite their marketing, the 
browser companies care more about making advertisers happy than your 
privacy or security.

For example, there was a huge debate in the 1990s [1] about the privacy 
implications of third-party cookies, which is why the official cookie 
technical specification required [2] that these type of "surveillance" 
cookies be disabled by default. Guess what? Nearly all browsers ignored 
this requirement under pressure from ad companies [3]. Fast-forward to 
2010: after a Mozilla engineer disabled third-party cookies by default, 
advertisers became rabid and "coincidentally" Mozilla executives ordered 
the change reversed immediately [4]. After that, the browser companies 
quietly issued a new cookie standard which allowed third-party cookies 
to be enabled by default.

The cookie debacle is just one example. If any of the browser companies 
gave two shits about your security or privacy, then they would kill off 
foreign http-referers, Flash, Java applets, and third-party cookies 
(among many other obvious changes). Google has a very good browser 
security team, but their hands are tied by policy decisions that keep 
advertisers happy.

So, basically, we are fucked. Despite that, you can make your web 
browser experience a little bit better and more secure by following 
Riseup's handy guide to essential web browser extensions:

https://help.riseup.net/en/better-web-browsing

[1] Shah, R. C., & Kesan, J. P. (2009). Recipes for cookies: how 
institutions shape communication technologies. 
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=565041

[2] https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2109

[3] Bruner, R. E. (1997, May). Advertisers win one in debate over 
“cookies”: Netscape move may settle sites concern over controversial 
targeting tool 
http://adage.com/article/news/advertisers-win-debate-cookies/405/

[4] Soghoian, C. (2010). Thoughts on Mozilla and Privacy. 
http://paranoia.dubfire.net/2010/12/thoughts-on-mozilla-and-privacy.html

## Our machines don't run on wishes

We have tried, but we can't run on good sentiment alone. Instead, we 
turn money into servers and electricity and labor and bandwidth. 
Together, these things sustain our little magical corner of the 
internet, where the watchword is digital justice not big data.

If you think it is important for alternatives like Riseup to exist, put 
your money where your mouth is and contribute today:

   https://help.riseup.net/donate

In solidarity,
The Riseup Birds