@title = 'August'

Use share.riseup.net to share files with your people
----------------------------------------------------------

A friendly reminder about one of our favorite Riseup tools:
share.riseup.net. It's useful for when you want to share something with
your comrades, but your file is too big for an email attachment.
Share.riseup.net temporarily shares those large files. Simply press the
upload button, select your file, and then share the URL with anyone who
you want to share the file with. The link will work for about a week. 

To get more technical, share.riseup.net is an easy to use
client-encrypted “pastebin” and “imagebin” that we host. When you share
a file, it is encrypted before leaving your computer, so we don’t have a
copy of what you are sharing. Please note: this kind of client-side
encryption, where the program comes from the server can be bypassed if
the provider adds a back door. We don’t have a back door, but it is
difficult to verify this. For security where you are not putting your
trust in anyone, you need to use an encryption application that is not
web-based.


Accessibility Help
----------------------------------------------------------

Riseup offers lots of services, and we know all of you have different
bodies with different abilities and barriers in the daily use of these
services. 

Our core mission is to make liberated communications for all, and we
want to make Riseup easier for all bodies to use. We need your help to
do that. If you have difficulty using Riseup, please tell us about it by
writing to accessibilty@riseup.net. From your feedback, we will know
where we should focus our efforts to improve the accessibility of Riseup
services.


Your Sent mail folder
----------------------------------------------------------

We no longer are doing automatic deletion of messages that are older
than 120 days from your "Sent" folder. Beware: now this folder can pile
up with all of your manifestos and eat up your quota. Messages in
"Trash" will still be deleted after 21 days, and messages in "Spam" will
still be deleted after 7 days. 
